what's up so today we're playing a
pigeon game of spin lie so this is like
honestly just a game that I made up
randomly but it's not it's like skate or
horse if you're ever in the sports fall
so you basically do a trick and I just
did it so that's the first time you see
it to use right and the first let's
repeat it if they fail they get an S and
you do not want to get to end you don't
want to get to SPI in it so we did this
on yesterday's video it got intense but
what better than to do it a lot right
you can see how hard this actually it is
definitely a game of do
rock-paper-scissors shoot to decide to
do it first okay so so one two three
shoot is that you play on these oh you
won and shoes yeah let's do that
alright ready ready to say yeah Ready
Set I had so you do 1 2 3 shoot No so
it's 1 2 but yeah ok guys I go first
all right first you're gonna keep it
really easy just one finger though oh
there's the trick to come out doesn't
move oh I can't look back yell at that
me
all right here the first trick is this
that's just no hi-yah ok that was clean
SMS all right same hands okay Rachel
laughs okay super sketch so that's X
okay so I'm gonna do what you did right
right yeah okay so I'm going left to
left
good yeah you're so good you're so good
you can request tricks if you want okay
yeah try that my name is Nick Crompton
no no Nick Compton what's that man
Crompton yeah yes yes
all right in between the fingers okay oh
wait no this is actually the sir okay so
let it fall and you catch it when it
falls okay it doesn't have to be super
far okay
that's really hard for me so we we did
left right I did silly right / yes no
you got me on right to left
are you gonna be right - right oh if
someone didn't juggle them
that was so close you're not gonna do
this
tell me let's do like alright but two
times okay okay thank you mother
start with your left aah birds all right
that's SK right ok SP sorry do you know
how to spell Finn it's state
yes I'm learning as you go alright let's
go us okay
that's right isn't it oh you know what
just to be a huge douche rights alright
I got that child away so now to do it I
have a letter carrier okay Barry that's
killer Pelle it what's enough that's
crazy that I like this in your face this
is intense
okay now this is this for all the homies
out there so is it SP SP yeah so we both
have SP SP okay um oh yeah
here you got know someone said tre flip
try on your nose giant nose I got you
well wait did you get that one no okay
so triple okay people who are just now
tuning in this is a fidget game of spin
where you play state or horse examiner
one to write your life so I
right one oh you start with your a
certain got it oh my god the kind of
thank you oh yeah you have SPI I always
have stick people like I can't believe
I'm watching this 2017 premium content
you are a nerd if you're enjoying this
picture to hit that like button down
below
smash that up and put the like button
right now I'm gonna watch it I said
mother
oh I think let's hit let's
hit that like button looking at the
comments and the lights right now make a
England calling to it once juggle oh
that would be cool to do two of them
smash that like button John what's up
bro what's up today this is easier this
is like super deluxe livestreams whoa
under the legs I would really get him
into huge image of wait a minute yeah
yeah see oh hang on the last one yeah
should I know
okay so let's look let's go H am okay go
get it alright Express you leg under the
leg
oh now he's so intensifying no I'm right
yeah I got to do this as I just try to
sometimes do that that's hard
all right someone changed up um okay I'm
just gonna do this because it's stupid
oh wait you see hands
okay one more time let's just clarify it
but this is for FBI this is the last
letter I don't do right here because
we're doing the whole bus noise she's
nice enough
it's like state you have to drive my
last letter I don't teach I wasn't
watched basketball should be you only
have okay so we're seeing no more check
what do you want great idea why not
though how long have we been so I won
guys that's to two out of two done we're
gonna have to ever rematch you spanked
me I excuse me
oh sure sorry that's very different
website so what do you guys think of
that under the leg fidget spin
understood was it veggie game of sticks
no fun it was like really fun crazy
all right let's read some of your
comments I knew Sarah had it they were
going for me let's be honest let's be
honest yeah when a London who were
sitting around just hanging out Sarah we
finished fitting I've seen it I've seen
her over literally just dead face like
is the future you know like I like this
skateboard but now that biggest thing
yeah I might just blow job okay big
update Matt dem key just finished this
Hawk Oh Oh Wilson says old jeans no I
don't know what that means
Steve and Lisa I'm in the hospital and
still watching Steven sorry about that
though yeah I hope you're doing better
does the loser buy sweet cream yes
Eaglin is my city again Sara love with
you yeah New York is my country Sara how
did you get so good at fidgets me yeah
honestly like what John was saying I so
it started like any other trendy thing
you start doing it because you want to
make fun of it
so I I resisted for so long just because
it was like so popular and then you had
all these people on YouTube like the
Tanner Fox's of the world and like
everyone was selling digits winners and
I was like god this is so great like
fidget surgeons are stupid they're just
like mooching off of the audience and
then I got a fidgeter yeah it's pretty
fun I don't why but I mean if you start
uh if you do something ironically
something super distracted if you do
something ironically you're gonna end up
liking it exactly yeah so there's no
need to make fun of anything anymore
because you'll probably end up doing you
know yeah okay so before we sign off I'm
gonna try to do it nice thanks we need
to do it like super high well that's
impossible
for you
oh wait hey talk to so we can watch
ourselves well yeah it will like that
we're so the worst guys before we leave
I'm gonna do this four times for you
guys I got everything she's last you
leave this like it might make it so much
it's like hey my dad depart all right
four times even this okay so four times
and also if you watch yesterday's video
so I film that four days ago so now my
person from the wreck is like I feel
much better
I was so insanely sir I'm still a little
bats are just a little bit three four
five four so I have to get five so yeah
anyways and some people were like I
don't get it you just fell through board
why were you so sore
and the Jews because I was going full
speed on a booster board when I fell
when I was kind of bolted in air which
is 22 miles an hour it's like ah yeah
it's literally
and faster than 22 miles an hour artists
how to bolt it into air and landed
straight onto concrete that's why I was
hurting so bad
all right guys for you for the peachy
fan the p-channel fan here we go I have
to do it five times
yeah one two three four seven nine ten
eleven okay except entire livestream
nope on this video three that's the good
thing about live guys you don't know
what's gonna happen out there yeah um
she did it ten times are you freaking
kidding me I'm like can you find it
sighs I'm like sweating right now
okay guys you are the best the only
thing that I want you to get out of this
video is let's play this the only thing
that I want you to guys live stream is
is remember that Sarah fidget spends 10
times and I beat John and spin
yeah well have another rematch it's okay
I'm gonna try guys you start playing
hashtag digit spin and make sure to
hashtag us guys oh and Sarah T anyway
check out channel
in the description below because he's
paying me $100 to do so so I have yeah
you reduce it about that you pick well I
hit that like button right now I'm gonna
ten seconds next ten seconds I don't
know how I just check the one I've heard
I heard a few people hit it if do you
are you hearing them hit the like button
yeah that was like my clicks are they
smashing that mother-father like button
d monetize is such a foul-mouthed human
so fun to hang out with you guys this
will be John I'm trying to talk sorry I
was like not even paying attention
because I'm in the middle of my vision
can you get off of the couch can you
leave do you actually subscribe button
down below
yeah alright
let me know leave your like this video
hit that subscribe button down below for
new videos I post every single Monday
through Friday and sometimes they're
live streams like this you want to make
sure to turn on that notification Bell
on below my name somewhere now my name
so you get notified when I go live um
that was weird
I'm sorry I did that anyways and here at
Saturnian you're the best
see you Monday yeah cuz it's Freddie but
yeah guys just remember to stay beachy
okay bye